Add content for new notebook page (#27382)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/notebooks/notebooks_legacy.md

* **Your Notebooks**: Notebooks created by you.
* **All Notebooks**: All Notebooks in your organization.
* **[Notebook Type](#notebook-types)**: Group notebooks by type.

Hover over the Preview icon for any Notebook to see a preview of the contents, including widget types and Markdown. To open the Notebook in [View Mode](#view-mode), hover over the notebook and click **Open notebook in view mode** on the right.

## Template gallery
From the [Template Gallery][3], see ready-to-use templates which you can create new notebooks from. Templates include an Incident Response postmortem, an Incident Report, and SLO Specification. You can also create a new custom template to build reusable notebook structures.

## Version history
From a notebook, click the **Configure** icon and click **Version history** to open the Version History side panel. You can preview, restore, or clone your notebook's version history. For more information, see the [Version History guide][4].

## Notebook configuration

### Time frames

By default, all graph cells are linked to the global time frame set in the notebook header.

> To view a different time frame, select an option in the global time picker, or scrub on a graph directly. The notebook URL will update to reflect this new time frame without saving it to the notebook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a different time frame, select an option in the global time picker, or scrub on a graph directly. The notebook URL updates to reflect this new time frame without saving it to the notebook.
```
